User accounts for testing (already created, just use to login as needed for testing
permissions validation and add/remove/modify of reviews and proposals):
	Engineering Users:
		User: e1@gmail.com Password: 12345678
		User: e2@gmail.com Password: 12345678
	Business Users:
		User: b1@gmail.com Password: 12345678
		User: b2@gmail.com Password: 12345678

Instructions:
	Website root auto-directs to login page, should not allow any access to other pages
	without first authenticating a user.

	Upon login, routes to proposal index. If business user, should only see proposals
	created by that user. If engineering user, see all proposals
		User b1@gmail.com will have proposals, user b2@gmail.com will have non for
		ease of testing

	General requirements: if proposal or review is created/edited/deleted the changes
	should persist to the database and views (validated by cucumber testing)

	Logout should redirect to root login page

Site permissions:
	Business user permissions:
		Can add proposals
		Can edit/delete thier own proposals
		Can see reviews for their proposals
		Cannot edit/delete any reviews
		Cannot access proposals of other users

	Engineering user permissions:
		Can add 1 review to each proposal
		Can edit/delete their own reviews
		Cannot edit/delete proposals

Test coverage:
	Covered via cucumber and rspec.

	Per discussion in tutorial, devise doesn't work with rspec and thus all tests requiring
	are completed via cucumber testing.

	Rspec testing models and allow validation of create methods

	Because rspec can't validate, database persitance and site routing is all tested via
	the cucumber testing suite

Changes from the original proposal:
	Home Page:
		Decided to lock down entire site, proposal displace is now considered the homepage
		but only visible after login.
		Therefore, the login page constitutes the home page until user is validated

		Link for sign in and registration persist throughout the site via the navigation bar.
		Therefore, a registration link isn't necessary.
	Registration Page:
		Same a proposal
	Business Dashboard:
		Moved this to a single view, as seen by engineering student. Found that code ended up
		being redundant and uneccesary to have different splash pages. Content is filtered by
		user.
	Business Proposal Creation/Edit Page:
		Removed text limitation, allowing max text as per ruby forms
	Engineering Student Karma Forum:
		Since the views were merged, elminated the karma feature of the forum. Found that it
		doesn't add much in the way of benifit to users. Cool idea, but not benificial

		Instead, added score to all reviews such that users can give an over-all score to the
		proposal.
	Business Proposal View Page:
		Same as proposal, added various links for edit/delete for reviews/proposals with appropriate
		permissions
	Review Creation/Edit Page:
		Not in proposal, need to create reviews
	User Edit/Delete Page:
		Not in proposal, added to enable devise functionality
	Overall UI:
		Largely matches low-fi sketches, added navbar which was not orginally in the proposal
		Found a navbar with user control links was more effective
	Stakeholders:
		Fulfills all pre-determined stakeholder requirements